Replace `madmin` SDK with `mc` CLI shim (#12879)
canonical/lxd: doc/howto/storage_buckets.md

See the following sections for instructions on how to create, configure, view and resize {ref}`storage-buckets` and how to manage storage bucket keys.

## Install requirements for local storage buckets

> LXD uses [MinIO](https://min.io) to set up local storage buckets. In order to use this feature with LXD, you must install both the server and client binaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LXD uses [MinIO](https://min.io) to set up local storage buckets. To use this feature with LXD, you must install both the server and client binaries.
```

- MinIO Server:
   - Source:
      - [MinIO Server on GitHub](https://github.com/minio/minio)

>    - Direct Download for various architectures:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Direct download for various architectures:
```

      - [MinIO Server pre-built for `amd64`](https://dl.min.io/server/minio/release/linux-amd64/minio)
      - [MinIO Server pre-built for `arm64`](https://dl.min.io/server/minio/release/linux-arm64/minio)
      - [MinIO Server pre-built for `ppc64le`](https://dl.min.io/server/minio/release/linux-ppc64le/minio)
      - [MinIO Server pre-built for `s390x`](https://dl.min.io/server/minio/release/linux-s390x/minio)

- MinIO Client:
   - Source:
      - [MinIO Client on GitHub](https://github.com/minio/mc)

>    - Direct Download for various architectures:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Direct download for various architectures:
```

      - [MinIO Client pre-built for `amd64`](https://dl.min.io/client/mc/release/linux-amd64/mc)
      - [MinIO Client pre-built for `arm64`](https://dl.min.io/client/mc/release/linux-arm64/mc)
      - [MinIO Client pre-built for `ppc64le`](https://dl.min.io/client/mc/release/linux-ppc64le/mc)
      - [MinIO Client pre-built for `s390x`](https://dl.min.io/client/mc/release/linux-s390x/mc)

> If LXD is installed from a Snap, then you will need to configure the snap environment to detect the binaries, and restart LXD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If LXD is installed from a snap, you must configure the snap environment to detect the binaries, and restart LXD.
```

Note that the path to the directory containing the binaries must not be under the home directory of any user.

    snap set lxd minio.path=/path/to/directory/containing/both/binaries
    snap restart lxd

> If LXD is installed from another source, then both binaries just need to be included in the $PATH that LXD was started with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If LXD is installed from another source, both binaries must be included in the `$PATH` that LXD was started with.
```
